Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#249)
grommet/grommet-icons: CONTRIBUTING.md

**Steps to contribute icons to grommet-icons**

1) Fork the grommet-icons project and clone.

> 2) When adding new Icons the SVGs should be exported in a stroke version. This should include a stroke color as well as a stroke-width 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2) When adding new icons,  the SVGs should be exported using stroke as opposed to fill. The SVG path should include `stroke="#000"` and `stroke-width="2"`.
```

Reviewer 2: @taysea @britt6612 this looks good, would say "outline" instead of "fill". How about:

When adding new icons, export SVGs as stroke versions as opposed to outline. The SVG path should include `stroke="#000"` and `stroke-width="2"`.

Author: Thanks @bahriaditi I changed the following
